Data source polling doc update (#336)
permitio/opal: documentation/docs/getting-started/running-opal/as-docker-image/run-opal.mdx

You'll need to configure this env var:
Env Var Name | Function
:--- | :---

> OPAL_DATA_CONFIG_SOURCES | Directives on **how to fetch** the data configuration we load into OPA cache when OPAL client starts, **where to put it**, and optionally if it should periodically update from this source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPAL_DATA_CONFIG_SOURCES | Directives on **how to fetch** the data configuration we load into OPA cache when OPAL client starts, **where to put it**, and optionally if it should periodically be updated from this source.
```

                "topics": [
                    "policy_data"
                ],

>                 "periodic_update_interval": 240,

Reviewer: I would rather not have that as part of the example
